https://codepen.io/hermionegogou/pen/OJVyVPQ?editors=1100
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML is the use of a markup language such as HTML to convey information about the meaning of each element in a document through proper selection of markup elements.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    To maintain complete separation between the markup and the visual presentation of the elements contained in the document.
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    It's another way to supply data to an element, including special tags right inside our tags.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 represents a header and usually the biggest one of the 6 headers that we use in programming language. We can use it as many times we want to but preferably an h1 tag should be used 1 per 2 times max

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    ID's and Class

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <html></html>
    <head></head>

    7. What is an id?
    ID's are titles that can only appear on a single element.It is used to specify the document.

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    Body

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Just once

    10. What is a class? 
    It is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any element preferably div's
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As much as I want 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
     target="_blank" to my anchor tags

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    The required alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed. The alt attribute provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it (because of slow connection, an error in the src attribute, or if the user uses a screen reader).

    15. How do I reference an id?
    #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    The <section> tag defines sections in a document, such as chapters, headers, footers, or any other sections of the document. ... The <div> tag defines a division or a section in an HTML document.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Styling colors,layout, fonts and adapts the way everything is being presented in different devices
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class  is represented by a (“.”) and an ID selector is represented by (“#”). The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one.
    A div could be a serial number and a class could be a barcode

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .pancake{}

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p .human{}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Child Selector: Child Selector is used to match all the elements which are child of a specified element. It gives the relation between two elements. It helps us identify what element is a subelelement of something

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    I don't really understand this question but this could be a possible answer #content .navigation .header h1.red {
  /* stuff */
}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A CSS pseudo-class is a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element(s). For example, :hover can be used to change a button's color when the user's pointer hovers over it.

    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines?
    line-height:number;

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:number;

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform:uppercase;,text-transform:lowerase,text-transform:Capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    { border: dotted 1px black; }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* *\
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    ls
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    dir
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm, because it's permanent
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Version control helps teams solve these kinds of problems, tracking every individual change by each contributor and helping prevent concurrent work from conflicting. Changes made in one part of the software can be incompatible with those made by another developer working at the same time.

    35. How often should I commit to github?

    As often as I can

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin firstname-lastname

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    1.Fork
    2.Add my tl as a collaborator
    3.Clone (copy the link)
    4.pwd to see where I am
    5.cd and the name of the directory(folder)
    6.git clone <link-to-repo>
    7.cd <repo-name>
    8.git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname'
    9.git add . to add commit Changes
    10.git commit -m "Your helpful commit message here"
    11.git push -u origin branch-name 
    12. Click on the branch master and then your name
    13.click new pull request
    14. Change the base repository
    15.Add your TL to your reviers


    I want to see if anything is changed


